For 3.17, I can roughly imagine how that will work. However, why is this a star
problem? It does not sound that difficult to me.

Oh boy, procrastinating all day. Not a good idea. Let's just stop dreaming about
K2, we all know it's extremely unlikely. Let's just get a job first. Barkley
seems much more possible than K2 all things considered.

For 3.17, how exactly do we create a new phonebook entry? Also how to update
phone number of existing entry? HTTP PUT request? What is that? Modify the
backend? At least I somewhat get this part. I believe it has something to do 
with index.js. Just do something in there first. But then ensuring the frontend
also works... Not that dumb package thing.

Okay, maybe mongo.js is actually the thing to fix here, not index.js. When I
try to add a new number, the page deletes the entry. But upon reloading the page,
the entry appears again with no modification.

Actually, it is in the build thing. App.js of part2. That's what we need to fix.
Goddamn it, how to I extract a new build now?

Okay, so clearly some error has happened. The code caught it, and it attempts to
remove the contact number, while in actuality it just hides the info.

Build is fucking slow. I have to log in to MongoDB Atlas to manually delete the
false entries. Also, what do you mean when I delete some entries it says "undefined"?
Why can you not extract the object's id? May need to fix const deletePerson now...

Okay, so the problem still lies in Part 2 then. It's not Part 3 that needs fixing.
It's in Part 3. We did it.

For 3.19, first we fix the schema for validation. Never mind, those steps does
not work. The delete button also does not work for unknown reasons. First let's
just fix the delete button. Then we can worry about 3.19. At least the filter'
still works.

Delete button fixed. For 3.19, again I assume the problem lies in part3, not 
part2. 

Goddamn, I am worried that the backend no longer works. I think we need to redo 
the tutorial of part2 and part3.

3.19 done. That said, I have been lazy the entire day. It gets depressing trying
to get a job. But whatever. Even if I only study for 30 minutes a day, I have to
make it count. Something is always better than nothing after all.

For 3.20, it's probably just purely part3. I think this one will be easier than
3.19 though. Should take 2 hours at most.

